#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
(JinSoul who wondering how she appears on the camera)
JinSou: How do I look on camera?
JinSoul: Now my face look really round~
JinSoul: Even I think It looks like there are three of my face!
JinSoul: But it looks good on me, right?
(Yeah, it looks good on you…)
JinSoul: The clothes is a tracksuit.
(LA trip makes her correct English pronunciation…)
JinSoul: No… I mean this is a TRACKSUIT.
JinSoul: This fabric feels like a kind of cat hair!
Choerry: Right~
Choerry: The concept of it is a cat!
Choerry : I think this clothes would be suitable to wear when we exercise!
(Their stylist would be angry if hear it…)
Choerry: But… it’s too good to wear as practice clothes.
(The most luxurious girl group, ODD EYE CIRCLE!)
JinSoul: It’s really luxury, right?
Choerry: It's really luxury, right?
(Even they taking a selfie fancily and luxuriously!)
Choerry: You better take a selfie from various angles!
(They got a new clothes, although it doesn’t look like that…)
Kim Lip: Do you remember HyunJin’s big earrings?
JinSoul: HyunJin, do you want it?
Kim Lip: Do you envy me?
(Earrings remind them of someone…)
JInSoul: Actually it doesn’t look like earrings…
JinSoul: It looks like a bus strap!
JinSoul: HyunJin! Aren’t you envious!?
JinSoul: You want it too, right?
(Probably HyunJin would be shocked when she’s watching LOOΠΔ TV while eating bread in the dorms!)
Kim Lip: Isn't this pretty?